TCS/PR/SE/16/2026-27
June 17, 2026
National Stock Exchange of India Limited BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, P. J. Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400051 Mumbai - 400001
Symbol - TCS Scrip Code No. - 532540
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Press Release
We are sending herewith copy of the Press Release titled “TCS wins multi-year deal to
transform Elopak’s IT Operations” which will be disseminated shortly.
The Press release is self-explanatory.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited
Yashaswin Sheth
Company Secretary
ACS 15388
Encl: as above
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781
TCS wins multi-year deal to transform Elopak’s IT Operations
TCS will deploy its proprietary AI-service delivery suite of solutions - Cognix™ for advanced analytics and
automationTo modernise Elopak’s global IT operations using AI and cloud for greater agility and efficiency
OSLO | MUMBAI, June 17, 2026: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a leading global IT
services, consulting, and business solutions company, has announced a multi-year partnership with Elopak
ASA, a global leader in paper-based packaging and filling equipment, operating in over 40 countries and
serving customers in more than 70 markets.
Under this partnership, TCS will be Elopak’s strategic IT partner, leading the transformation and management
of its global IT s through a process centric operating model. This will help Elopak’s IT operations to be better
aligned with the business priorities thereby improving agility, efficiency, and digital experience
Leveraging its AI-first approach, TCS will deploy advanced analytics and automation capabilities, including its
proprietary Cognix™ – an AI-powered, future-ready service delivery suite of solutions built on its Machine
First™ philosophy.
The strategic IT programme will support Elopak’s strategy to modernise its end-to-end IT services. This
include setting up an integrated service desk and upgrading key enterprise applications.
Merethe Johansen, CIO at Elopak, said, “Our partnership with TCS represents a significant step in advancing
our digital ambitions and strengthening our global operations. By modernizing our IT landscape and
leveraging AI-driven capabilities, we aim to improve efficiency, enhance user experience and support our
growth objectives as we move towards our 2030 vision driving above-market growth, and advancing our
strategic priorities.”
Anupam Singhal, President - Manufacturing, TCS, said, “In an increasingly connected and intelligent business
environment, enterprises need digital foundations that can continuously adapt and evolve. Through this
partnership, we will help Elopak modernize its IT operations with AI, automation, and cloud, enabling greater
agility, operational efficiency, and user experience across its global business. Together, we look forward to
supporting Elopak’s growth strategy and sustainability ambitions as it continues to deliver innovative and
sustainable packaging solutions to customers and consumers around the world.”
Amit Pethe, Country Head, TCS Norway, said: “Elopak is a global leader with a strong heritage of innovation
and sustainability. We are proud to partner with them on their transformation journey. By combining TCS’ AI-
led capabilities with deep domain expertise, we will help build a resilient, agile, and intelligent IT ecosystem
that supports Elopak’s long-term growth and enhances its global competitiveness.”
Elopak’s strategic roadmap focuses on driving market growth, strengthening its leadership in paper-based
packaging, and advancing sustainability by reducing reliance on plastics. The partnership with TCS will play a
critical role in enabling these priorities by creating a robust digital backbone that supports innovation,
responsiveness to evolving market demands, and enhanced customer engagement and service delivery.
This collaboration further strengthens TCS’ presence in the Nordic region and reinforces its position as a
trusted partner for global enterprises seeking to accelerate digital transformation through AI and cloud-led
Page 1 of 2
innovation. With a strong and growing footprint across the Nordics—including multiple offices and delivery
centers in key markets such as Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Finland—TCS continues to invest in local
talent and long-term partnerships. Recognized as a Great Place to Work across the region, TCS combines
deep domain expertise with a people-first culture, further enhancing its reputation as an employer and
partner of choice for organizations driving innovation and sustainable growth.
About Elopak
Elopak is a leading global supplier of paper-based packaging solutions, through the brands Pure-Pak®, D-
PAK™ and Roll Fed, along with filling machines and services. The company’s iconic Pure-Pak® cartons are
made primarily from paperboard sourced from certified and controlled sources, providing a convenient
alternative to plastic packaging. Founded in Norway in 1957 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the
company employs more than 3,000 people and provides its solutions across more than 70 countries. Elopak
has set Science Based Targets to reduce emissions in line with a 1.5-degree trajectory for scope 1 and 2, with
a net-zero commitment by 2050.
For more information, please visit www.elopak.com.
About Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS)
Tata Consultancy Services (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) is the technology partner of choice for industry-leading
organizations worldwide. Since its inception in 1968, TCS has upheld the highest standards of innovation,
engineering excellence and customer service.
It has set an aspiration to become the world's largest AI-led technology services company and is enabling its
clients to transform themselves across the full AI stack, from infrastructure to intelligence.
Rooted in the heritage of the Tata Group, TCS is focused on creating long term value for its clients, its
investors, its employees, and the community at large. With a highly skilled workforce spread across 55
countries and 202 service delivery centres across the world, the company has been recognized as a top
employer in six continents. With the ability to rapidly apply and scale new technologies, the company has
built long term partnerships with its clients. Many of these relationships have endured into decades and
navigated every technology cycle, from mainframes in the 1970s to artificial intelligence today.
TCS sponsors 14 of the world’s most prestigious marathons and endurance events, including the TCS New
York City Marathon, TCS London Marathon and TCS Sydney Marathon with a focus on promoting health,
sustainability, and community empowerment.
TCS generated consolidated revenues of over US $30 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026.
For more information, visit www.tcs.com
Follow TCS on LinkedIn | Instagram | YouTube | X
TCS media contacts:
Corporate Communications & Email: corporate.communications@tcs.com
India Email: santosh.castelino@tcs.com | Phone: +91 22 67789098
Email : rhea.mistry@tcs.com
Page 2 of 2
